char               = 1 byte
unsigned short     = 2 bytes
unsigned           = 4 bytes
unsigned long      = 8 bytes
unsigned long long = 8 bytes
short              = 2 bytes
int                = 4 bytes
long               = 8 bytes
long long          = 8 bytes
float              = 4 bytes
double             = 8 bytes
long double        = 16 bytes
char *             = 8 bytes
int (*)(void)      = 8 bytes
Test_t *           = 8 bytes
Test_t             = 96 bytes

For struct {
	char		c;
	unsigned short	us;
	unsigned	u;
	unsigned long	ul;
	unsigned long long ull;
	short		s;
	int		i;
	long		l;
	long long	ll;
	float		f;
	double		d;
	long double	ld;
	char		*p;
	int		(*fct)(void);
}
t.c offset          = 0 bytes
t.us offset         = 2 bytes
t.u offset          = 4 bytes
t.ul offset         = 8 bytes
t.ull offset        = 16 bytes
t.s offset          = 24 bytes
t.i offset          = 28 bytes
t.l offset          = 32 bytes
t.ll offset         = 40 bytes
t.f offset          = 48 bytes
t.d offset          = 56 bytes
t.ld offset         = 64 bytes
t.p offset          = 80 bytes
t.fct offset        = 88 bytes
